pyfind_revdep

This program is a simple utility script to search executable
programs (directories in PATH environment variable) and binary
libraries (directories listed in /etc/ld.so.conf and in
LD_LIBRARY_PATH environment variable), and find if their
required shared object dependencies are met.
Using "-l" or "--log" option it can store a log file (in
/var/log directory) to remind broken files.

The idea behind it has been given to me by taking cue from great
revdep_rebuild bash script in Gentoo distribution, but this program
doesn't have any technical similarities with it, in fact my
implementation is written from scratch and it is coded in python.

My targets in creating it were:
- minimalistic and non intrusive approach: this program is mainly
tailored on the Slackware GNU/Linux operating system and it follows
Slackware way of life ;-) e.g. it does not intend to provide any 
automatic (re)installation of broken packages and it will modify
nothing of your filesystem's contents, _you_ are in charge of what
you want to do.
- minimal tree of dependencies: I try to use only python standard
library, as far as I can.
- simple and straightforward code: as I am a somewhat amateur-ish
programmer, mostly I'm focusing to easeness of code reading and
maintainability, instead of optimization and speed.
It surely could be better coded, but I do not deem it as strictly
necessary, for now.

My first ideal use case is taking note of broken packages after
(re)building and (re)installation of a new library package from
repository at SlackBuilds.org (but it can be used elsewhere).
I've tested it on a Slackware 13.0 (both 32bit and 64bit, both
stand-alone and in VM).


Author: LukenShiro <lukenshiro@ngi.it>

Testing is really appreciated and welcome. If you have bug reports,
comments or suggestions, please feel free to send me an e-mail.


----
GNU(R) is a registered trademark of the Free Software Foundation.
Linux(R) is a registered trademark of Linux B. Torvalds.
Slackware(R) is a registered trademark of Patrick J. Volkerding
 and Slackware Linux, Inc.
